Send this video we're going to review the last three items I can e-mails in the.
They are really really easy.
So for example the my account was really similar to the others.
You can change the page for the count.
And then for example you can see that we have customer registration and you can enable the customer
and registration in the checkout or my account.
You can add the the form that the user can feel to become the registered user and you can see that we
have also the login display that are at the main customer Rhodian reminder on the checkout.
Everything almost everything is going to keep that evil right here.
So if they can create showing you can see that we are dramatically getting a username from customers
e-mail that's fine Ormandy that's OK.
And as you can see that we have automatically generate customer Bazil or and here you have to think
really well about these.
Chances are that if you keep these uncheck the user is going to be password like 2:59 or something like
that.
And if you for these WordPress it's going to generate a really really strong puzzle or a really puzzle
or Kassa.
Don't side with the clients if the puzzle is really really strong.
Maybe they you said we forgot password or they will find some problems logging in and the way they are
going to they are going to cancel the purchase in the web site.
So you have to keep in mind is really really when you couple the importance not what it does.
OK.
So then we have the mess and we have the emails and you can see for example you're going to hit on all
of that and you will have the minute for the new order that everything is going to be added right.
You can change the subject the recipient the person who is going to receive these and everything.
And I'm going to show you two.
You can click it on your template you can see right here.
I'm going to show you the cost of my customized e-mails in upcoming media's magic and see here we have
a lot of different e-mails.
One thing that I can give you here is that you check out that these are working ones you launch your
website because for example you can see we have a new order right here and I had it to my e-mail.
If I open my e-mail every day and I don't find these new order I will think that there are no orders
right.
But the chances are that the visitors are either in or that is but you are not receiving the e-mails.
That's really really important because if someone's perform an order they're And then you see or you
logging into Wordpress and you find an order from two months ago.
Well the customer is going to be really really angry at that time.
So it's really important that you test all these e-mails are working.
And that's it's really important that you keep logging into Wordpress and see if you have any orders.
So for example you can see we have all the e-mails that you can receive D.S.O. up is for the day I have
mine and these are for the customers.
You can see we have a of them on call.
Process is not complete or that her phone or that and everything.
So maybe you want to disable these.
You can do it on the right configure and you can enable or disable this you mean.
Same goes for all the humans that you go on the wall and you can make some changes in the color and
if decks.
And that's another key that you match finally you have the API and you can enable the rest API.
This is going to be important especially if you want to create and man Droid or a US app using these
store you can create that using the rest API and the rest API is outside of the scope of this course
but is something rooted in Nice.
So this is it for the settings page in the next video is going to continue working with this store and
what are going to have more features.